Update device-onboarding-overview.md (#7495)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/device-onboarding-overview.md

   - [Hybrid Azure AD joined](/azure/active-directory/devices/concept-azure-ad-join-hybrid)
   - [AAD registered](/azure/active-directory/user-help/user-help-register-device-on-network)

5. A supported version of Microsoft Office is installed and up to date. For the most robust protection and user experience, ensure Microsoft 365 Apps version 16.0.14701.0 or newer is installed.

> > [!NOTE]
>    >If you are running Office 265 - KB 4577063 is required
>    >If you are on Monthly Enterprise Channel of Microsoft 365 Apps versions 2004-2008, you need to update to version 2009 or later. See [Update history for Microsoft 365 Apps (listed by date)](/officeupdates/update-history-microsoft365-apps-by-date) for current versions. To learn more about known issue, see the Office Suite section of [Release notes for Current Channel releases in 2020](/officeupdates/current-channel#version-2010-october-27).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!NOTE]
   > If you are running Office 365 - KB 4577063 is required.
   >
   > If you are on Monthly Enterprise Channel of Microsoft 365 Apps versions 2004-2008, you need to update to version 2009 or later. See [Update history for Microsoft 365 Apps (listed by date)](/officeupdates/update-history-microsoft365-apps-by-date) for current versions. To learn more about known issues, see the Office Suite section of [Release notes for Current Channel releases in 2020](/officeupdates/current-channel#version-2010-october-27).
```
